Updates from experience deploying with FlightControl (#11656)
redwoodjs/graphql: docs/docs/deploy/flightcontrol.md

## Flightcontrol Deploy Setup

1. In your project, run the command `yarn rw setup deploy flightcontrol --database=YOUR_DB_TYPE` where YOUR_DB_TYPE is `mysql` or `postgresql`

> 2. NOTE: The RedwoodJS Flightcontrol sets up an array of environments and defaults you to the 1st one: 'Development', add to the array to deploy more environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - This will create a `flightcontrol.json` file with an array of environments. It defaults with a single Development environment. Add to the array to deploy more environments.
```

3. Commit the changes and push to github.
4. If you don't have an account, sign up at [app.flightcontrol.dev/signup](https://app.flightcontrol.dev/signup?ref=redwood).

> 5. Create a new project from the onboarding screen or project list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Create a new project.
```

    1. Connect your Github account and select your repo.

>     2. Click "Create Project" and complete any required steps like linking your AWS account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Click "Create project"
```

    3. Configuration Type should autoselect as `flightcontrol.json`.

>     4. NOTE: `flightcontrol.json` is now the source of truth for your Project and its Environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       - `flightcontrol.json` is now the source of truth for your Project and its Environments.
```

> 6. Add your env vars in Flightcontrol for your Environment.
> 7. If using dbAuth, add the session secret key env variable in the Flightcontrol dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. After project is created, add your env vars under Environment Settings.
   1. If using dbAuth, add the session secret key env variable in the Flightcontrol dashboard.
```

> 8. To tear down your project w/Flight control go to your dashboard and the 'Danger Zone' and choose delete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. To tear down your project, go to the Flightcontrol dashboard, click on the Project settings icon, and then choose destroy in the 'Danger Zone' tab.
```

> If you have *any* problems or questions, Flightcontrol is very responsive in [their support Discord](https://discord.gg/yY8rSPrD6q).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have _any_ problems or questions, Flightcontrol is very responsive. [See their support options](https://www.flightcontrol.dev/docs/troubleshooting/contacting-support).
```
